[All Hosts] (runtimes) Req Set article for ShareRuntime (#1550)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/shared-runtime-requirement-sets.md

---
title: Shared runtime requirement sets
description: 'Specifies the platforms and Office hosts that support the SharedRuntime APIs.'
ms.date: 01/21/2020
ms.prod: non-product-specific
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Shared runtime requirement sets

> Requirement sets are named groups of API members. Office Add-ins use requirement sets specified in the manifest or use a runtime check to determine whether an Office host supports APIs that an add-in needs. For more information, see [Office versions and requirement sets](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/office-versions-and-requirement-sets).

Reviewer: Suggestion for improved maintainability -- 

Rather than duplicating this same paragraph in each of the 6 'common' requirement set articles, you might consider moving this content to an include file and then updating each of the requirement set articles to use the include file in place of this paragraph.

Author: Good idea. But I'll put that in a separate PR.

> Parts of an Office add-in that run JavaScript code; including task panes, function files launched from Add-in Commands, and Excel custom functions; can share a single JavaScript runtime. This enables all the parts to share a set of global variables, to share a set of loaded libraries, and to communicate with each other without having to pass messages through a persisted storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parts of an Office Add-in that run JavaScript code, such as task panes, function files launched from add-in commands, and Excel custom functions, can share a single JavaScript runtime. This enables all the parts to share a set of global variables, to share a set of loaded libraries, and to communicate with each other without having to pass messages through a persisted storage.
```

The following table lists the SharedRuntime 1.1 requirement set, the Office host applications that support that requirement set, and the build or version numbers for the Office application.

|  Requirement set  |  Office 2013 (or later) on Windows<br>(one-time purchase) | Office on Windows<br>(connected to Office 365 subscription)   |  Office on iPad<br>(connected to Office 365 subscription)  |  Office on Mac<br>(connected to Office 365 subscription)  | Office on the web  | Office Online Server |
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> | SharedRuntime 1.1  | N/A | Version 2001 (Build nnnnn.nnnnn) or later | N/A | nn.nn or later | January 2020 | N/A |

Reviewer: You already mentioned this in the PR description, just flagging here as well -- re needing to update the build numbers in this table entry.

To find out more about versions, build numbers, and Office Online Server, see:

- [Version and build numbers of update channel releases for Office 365 clients](https://support.office.com/article/version-and-build-numbers-of-update-channel-releases-ae942449-1fca-4484-898b-a933ea23def7)
- [What version of Office am I using?](https://support.office.com/article/What-version-of-Office-am-I-using-932788b8-a3ce-44bf-bb09-e334518b8b19)
- [Where you can find the version and build number for an Office 365 client application](https://support.office.com/article/version-and-build-numbers-of-update-channel-releases-ae942449-1fca-4484-898b-a933ea23def7)
- [Office Online Server overview](/officeonlineserver/office-online-server-overview)

## Office Common API requirement sets

> For information about Common API requirement sets, see [Office Common API requirement sets](office-add-in-requirement-sets.md).

Reviewer: Should you also update the **Office Common API requirement sets** article to add a subsection for this new **SharedAPI** requirement set? -- for example, like this section for the **IdentityAPI** (another *common* API):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3019529/73017095-0a191b00-3dd4-11ea-907f-808ffa58e809.png)

Author: Good catch. Just added that.
